things are serious business to surrender technique
training and coaching trained
and the result is our actions are not
meaningless to meet our objectives
because the gyms were not running and
We are working on the results of protection now
time often stopwatch means task
your what we will work with you
you can't go beyond, come on
go
women of fashion I can't
massage
plate on my hands so little
gradually
presents
at
how many need five minutes
how much time is the people
now standing
your get away
accept so tell level
physical fitness mass
take that principle in 3 minutes you can
achieve the result at least bring
I need 5 left-handers for this
study reception now no i
did but everything was clear and gave him
chance and if here is not a knife and tie
bayonet for cake
the result would have been he but him
not survive at all